First iteration of program.rs documentation (#5)
lambdaclass/aleo_internals_book: src/snarkVM/dpc/virtual_machine/program.md

# Program

A program defines all possible state transitions for a record.

```rust
pub struct Program<N: Network> {
    tree: MerkleTree<N::ProgramIDParameters>,
    functions: HashMap<N::FunctionID, (u8, Arc<dyn Function<N>>)>,
    last_function_index: u8,
}
```

> When a program is created, a new functions merkle tree is initialized, and add all functions to the tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a program is created, a new function merkle tree is initialized, and adds all functions to the tree.
```

Author: For the first, it is a functions merkle tree because it stores more than one functions.

> A program has a unique ID, knows the functions it contains, can return a function given a function ID or a function index (if it exists) and can return its path (the merkle path for a given function ID).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A program has an unique ID, knows the functions it contains, can return a function given a function ID or a function index (if it exists) and can return its path (the merkle path for a given function ID).
```
